[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #1 (#201)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/userRoles.md

# $userRoles

> Returns all roles names of an user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all role names given to the user.
```

## Syntax
```
$userRoles[User ID]
```

### Parameters

> - `User ID` : The user to return the roles for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `User ID` : The user to return the role names for.
```
